Fix issues related to loading plugins via SERVER_FLAGS.consolePlugins (#8076)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/README.md

`utils_bar_ts-chunk.js`: webpack chunk corresponding to the exposed `barUtils` module.

## Plugin development

> Run Bridge locally and instruct it to proxy e.g. `/api/plugins/example-plugin` requests directly to your
> local plugin asset server (web server hosting the plugin's generated assets):
> 
> ```sh
> ./bin/bridge -plugins example-plugin=http://localhost:9001/
> ```

Reviewer: since we have a demo plugin, can you change the exaples to use `console-demo-plugin` instead of `example-plugin` ? 
IMO its just easier to start if we show the whole process on demo plugin.

```suggestion
Run Bridge locally and instruct it to proxy e.g. `/api/plugins/console-demo-plugin` requests directly to your
local plugin asset server (web server hosting the plugin's generated assets):

```sh
./bin/bridge -plugins console-demo-plugin=http://localhost:9001/
```
```

Author: Agreed, will do.

Your plugin should start loading automatically upon Console application startup. Inspect the value of
`window.SERVER_FLAGS.consolePlugins` to see the list of plugins which Console loads upon its startup.

## Plugin detection and management

- [Console operator](https://github.com/openshift/console-operator) detects available plugins through
  `ConsolePlugin` resources on the cluster. It also maintains a cluster-wide list of currently enabled

>   plugins via `spec.plugins` field in its `ConfigMap` object (`console-operator-config`).

Reviewer: According to https://github.com/openshift/console/pull/8076/files#diff-76eb2371c0e3f846dd818cb2510ab8f9c3d8315cd192aabd781e290970f6793bR57 Console operator uses `Console` object kind (name `cluster`) to store the enabled plugins, not `ConfigMap`

Author: OK, maybe @spadgett or @jhadvig can clarify here?

(I thought that enabling a plugin manually involved the editing of `ConfigMap` instance named `console-operator-config` which I thought was the place where the list of enabled plugins was maintained.)

Reviewer 2: The console operator config is a separate CRD in the `operator.openshift.io` group as @rawagner mentions. This is where an admin configures the enabled plugins.

The operator does pass the list in a config map to the console backend, but that's not a public API.

See https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/console/dynamic-plugins.md#delivering-plugins
